## Protein antibody interface design_platform

# This notebook describes an interface design experiment where we will analyse 3D crystal structures of SAR-COV2 spike protein bound with ACE2 enzyme (pdb - 6m0j) and antibody P5A-3CD, rescpectively. We will design an experiment where we will try to mentain or imporve the binding affinity of Spike protein with ACE2 enzyme while abrogating binding with P5A-3C8 antibody. We will analyse the interfaces in these two crystal structures and find out the key amino acid residues at the interfaces that are involved in non-covalent interaction in these two structures. We will then query PDBE (www.pdbe.og) and Uniprot (www.uniprot.org) databases to find out available information about those residues. We will analyse the information available from 3D structures and protein databases, and use these information to create a platform where we can perform an interface design experiment.

This notebook divides in three part. First part of this notebook deals with the analysis of the interfacee, second part shows an in-silico mutagenesis platform and thrid part is an evaluation platform. To run this notebook, we need nglview (for visualisation), pymol (for in-slico mutagenesis), prodigy (A tool from Bonvon lab to calculate binding affinity) and openmm (Open source tool for molecular dynamics). Two conda environments are needed to run this notebook because of conflict in dependencies between Pymol and Prodigy package. I have used an open source Pymol library, which I believe causing the dependency issue. I beleieve using the proprietary python library from Schrodinger will solve this probelm.
